We're coming down slow for a landing, a west-bound 4-seater plane on a hot dusty afternoon, the sun looming low and shining on our faces. In the front seat, my dad talks with the pilot while I watch the ground getting closer out my little window. We're making a long, slow descent, coming so close to the earth that we nip leaves off of trees and fly under telephone lines, the poles of which are slathered generously with hot black tar. My dad, up in the front seat with the pilot, is talking about I-don't-know-what. The plane suddenly jolts upward in a gust of wind, quieting him and reminding him of the vulnerability of his place. We fall silent.

The time between each gust of wind is unpredictable but the strength of each is more or less the same, giving the plane an up-and-down movement. As I become familiar with the pattern, I begin rocking my body in sync with the undulations of the plane, tensing the muscles of my stomach and arms to give strength to each rise of the plane, relaxing them as we plummet. The motion lulls the three of us into a peaceful state, allowing us to enjoy our dance with death.

My dad breaks the silence, asking the pilot, "Now.. are you flying mentally of physically?" The pilot doesn't answer, either because he thinks its a stupid question, or because likes the question and would prefer to leave us in suspense. Either way, he seems comfortable enough with our situation.

The plane first touches down in someone's backyard. As we land, I come to realize that my legs are sticking out beneath the plane, and without thinking I begin to run as we touch down, essentially now wearing the plane around my waist like a dress or an inner-tube. As we approach the edge of the yard, I bend my knees and push off, giving new flight to the plane, just enough to loft us gracefully over a few more backyards. Any fear of crashing has now left all our minds, and I'm free to hop the plane from yard to yard, as my dad and the pilot look on in wonder.

The plane is heavy though, and the hops become more and more difficult to make. We come down into a yard with two dogs waiting for us, short-legged brown-and-white Heeler-types. As we approach I can see that their only plan is to attack, partially because they're fearful of us and the plane, but mostly because they will find it fun to chew on us. So I begin to reprimand them sternly from above.. "No! Don't bite." But they don't listen. As the plane comes down, my legs the lowest hanging fruit, they begin to gnaw at my toes. The distraction is too much for me and I don't have the will to push the plane skyward again. The dogs selfishly overtake the dream, making the plane, the pilot, and my father disappear. I wake up.